Let's explore the enterprise and portfolios.
Let's first contrast the business unit and enterprise.
The focus for the program business unit is in
creating business unit release roadmaps,
driving iterations with features and stories.
The focus for the enterprise is defining and managing enterprise‑wide
themes or strategies to ensure effective management of the entire
company's resources and progress towards its vision.
The enterprise focus is also known as the portfolio
level of looking at requirements.
We have discussed how the BA may be organizationally positioned in the last
two modules with the product or with information technology or even in
finance, if a program management office was set up,
and maybe in the finance organization as well,
though it could be anywhere that makes sense for a company in how they want
to place their programs. With enterprise requirements development, the BA
may be reporting in at the corporate level.
Let's say a company has five business units. Well, now maybe you've graduated
to the corporate level. In the next three sections, we will discuss what
portfolio themes are and how they relate to epics.
We will then discuss the portfolio backlog,
which, by the way, does not contain a list of themes, but epics, and,
lastly, portfolio management, which is the glue to make all this happen effectively.